README.md, before:

# Schedule

Backbone powered scheduling tool.

## Dependancies

The following libraries are included and used in this tool.

* [Backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org/)
* [Bootstrap.js](http://getbootstrap.com)
* [Moment.js] (http://momentjs.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

## Data

The data for this app can come from either csv or json files.

### csv

csv allows you to modify the data in your schedule with Excell.

The data is located in the `csv/` directory. There's currently a bug preventing
the files from working as I would like. The workaround is to have a "filler"
title after the last column in your file.

### json

The data is located in the `json/` directory.

#### `event.json`

An array of events. Each event looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Event Name",
    "time": {
        "start": "2013-09-18T09:00:00", // ISO formatted datetime
        "end": "2013-09-18T10:30:00"    // ISO formatted datetime
    },
    "place": "Location",
    "description": "A description of the event"
}
```

#### `people.json`

An array of people. Each person looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Cameron Little", // Person's name
    "username": "apexskier",  // The person's unique username
    "events": [ // an array of mini event objects, min length is 0
        {
            "id": 0, // id of an event
            "requirement": "r" // the key specifying this person's requirement of the event
        },
        {
            "id": 4,
            "requirement": "o"
        }
    ]
}
```

#### `jobs.json`

An array of jobs. Each job looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Job Title",
    "people": ["person1", "apexskier"], // an array of usernames
    "events": [] // same as events for people
}
```

### Requirements

The list of requirements is specified within the ``index.html`` file. Each requirement looks like the following.

```json
"key": { // a unique key for the requirement
    "text": "Name", // the short text term
    "label": "danger", // the bootstrap class for this (determines color)
    "description": "A description for the requirement"
}
```

Commit message:

Now can switch between json and csv with the change of a variable. Updated readme

README.md, after:

# Schedule

Backbone powered scheduling tool.

## Dependancies

The following libraries are included and used in this tool.

* [Backbone.js](http://backbonejs.org/)
* [Bootstrap.js](http://getbootstrap.com)
* [Moment.js] (http://momentjs.com/)
* [jQuery](http://jquery.com/)

## Data

The data for this app can come from either csv or json files.

### csv

csv allows you to modify the data in your schedule with Excell.

The data is located in the `csv/` directory. There's currently a bug preventing
the files from working as I would like. The workaround is to have a "filler"
title after the last column in your file.

### json

The data is located in the `json/` directory.

In order to use json, you'll have to make one change. In the `js/script.js` file, change options.filetype to "json".

#### `event.json`

An array of events. Each event looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Event Name",
    "time": {
        "start": "2013-09-18T09:00:00", // ISO formatted datetime
        "end": "2013-09-18T10:30:00"    // ISO formatted datetime
    },
    "place": "Location",
    "description": "A description of the event"
}
```

#### `people.json`

An array of people. Each person looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Cameron Little", // Person's name
    "username": "apexskier",  // The person's unique username
    "events": [ // an array of mini event objects, min length is 0
        {
            "id": 0, // id of an event
            "requirement": "r" // the key specifying this person's requirement of the event
        },
        {
            "id": 4,
            "requirement": "o"
        }
    ]
}
```

#### `jobs.json`

An array of jobs. Each job looks like the following.

```json
{
    "id": 0, // A unique numerical id
    "name": "Job Title",
    "people": ["person1", "apexskier"], // an array of usernames
    "events": [] // same as events for people
}
```

### Requirements

The list of requirements is specified within the ``index.html`` file. Each requirement looks like the following.

```json
"key": { // a unique key for the requirement
    "text": "Name", // the short text term
    "label": "danger", // the bootstrap class for this (determines color)
    "description": "A description for the requirement"
}
```
